XIV - HEALING OUR WOUNDS
- LUCAS: I thought I'd never get back.
- AMICIA: Not all of us did.
But he'll get better now.
We all will.
- LUCAS: Come talk if you want.
- AMICIA: Alright...
Fresh air...
(WOOD CREAKING)
(WAVES CRASHING)
The Rascasse...
You saved our lives.
(EXHALES) I could sleep for weeks.
I need a bath too.
Hey.
- LUCAS: Oh, hey.
How do you feel?
- AMICIA: You first.
- LUCAS: Just like...
After a strange dream.
A terrible one.
But I couldn't wake up until I dreamt it.
- AMICIA: Changed.
- LUCAS: Reborn.
Almost...
- AMICIA: There's a home we head now, Lucas.
Would you come with us?
- LUCAS: Well... I think...
You and Hugo are my home, so...
Yes.
- AMICIA: We're glad to have you with us.
Passed out.
Stay there.
You don't wanna wake up after this.
Trust me.
How's the view?
- HUGO: It's... nice.
- AMICIA: What's on your mind?
- HUGO: Do you think I'm different?
- AMICIA: Well... I don't know.
Are you hungry?
- HUGO: Huh?
Yes.
- AMICIA: Well... Still the same.
- HUGO: (CHUCKLES)
I... feel... different.
Things...
...feel different.
- AMICIA: It's called growing up, Hugo.
Some things just make it go faster.
- HUGO: Yes?
- AMICIA: Yes.
But... we'll slow things down from now on.
We'll take all the time we need.
- HUGO: I can't wait to be in the mountain.
- AMICIA: Soon.
Very soon.
We're going home, Hugo.
Our home.
- HUGO: Yes.
- AMICIA: I hope La Cuna
is under the water now.
(WHISPERS) Get it out of your mind.
It's over.
Hey.
- SOPHIA: Slept well?
- AMICIA: I woke up thinking I was dead.
- SOPHIA: I know that one.
What will you do now?
- AMICIA: My Mother...
She had a house...
An old house in the mountain.
I promised him a chance to be happy.
That's where we'll get it.
- SOPHIA: Sounds nice.
- AMICIA: You'll always be welcome there.
I know you don't like heights.
- SOPHIA: Hey... People change.
- HUGO: Amicia, come see.
- AMICIA: Hey, what's going on?
- HUGO: Is he... fine?
- AMICIA: Who knows...
How about we ask him directly?
- HUGO: Alright.
Are you alive?
- ARNAUD: What do you think?
- HUGO: Dead people don't talk.
- ARNAUD: (CHUCKLES)
Good catch.
Hey...
I'm sorry for...
Well...
Everything.
Thank you for getting your sister to help me.
You saved me.
- AMICIA: Look who finally decided to be nice.
- ARNAUD: Don't make me regret it.
- AMICIA: The war's over, Arnaud.
We've all earned the rest.
You should try it too.
- ARNAUD: (CHUCKLES)
- SOPHIA: Hey! Ship!
- AMICIA: Damn! The Count!
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
- LUCAS: It's coming fast.
- ARNAUD: You see?
That's the thing with war.
You don't get to decide
when it's over.
- AMICIA: No no no...
This can't be happening!
- SOPHIA: We need fast speed!
The mainsail!
- LUCAS: Go inside, Hudo.
You'll be safer.
- ARNAUD: Keep steering.
We'll get that sail down.
Amicia, up here.
Man the rope on the other side.
- HUGO: And the others?
- LUCAS: They'll manage.
Stay inside the cabin at all costs, alright?
- AMICIA: Alright!
- HUGO: Alright.
- AMICIA: Come on. Faster!
- ARNAUD: That bastard couldn't let go.
- AMICIA: We have to lose them.
If they board us... Done.
- SOPHIA: Good.
- ARNAUD: They're still close
in the distance.
- AMICIA: No no no! What now?
- SOPHIA: Turn the sail to the wind!
We need a better angle.
- ARNAUD: I'll give you some slack
while you pull it toward you.
- AMICIA: Yes. We have no right
to fail this, Arnaud!
- ARNAUD: We won't!
- SOPHIA: It's working!
We're picking up speed.
- ARNAUD: But it won't be enough.
They're coming!
- SOPHIA: We're too heavy!
Throw some cargo overboard.
- ARNAUD: On it. Ha!
Give me a hand, Amicia!
- AMICIA: Coming!
Huh... Archers!
- ARNAUD: Heads down, everyone!
- LUCAS: They're getting too close!
- SOPHIA: We need your sling up here, Amicia!
Quick!
- ARNAUD: I'll handle the cargo. Go!
- AMICIA: Right, hold up, I'm coming...
HE'S NOT YOUR CHILD, YOU LUNATIC!!
- ARNAUD: Touch him
and you're dead, Victor!
- VICTOR: Don't hurt the child.
Kill the rest.
- SOLDIER: You heard the Count! Shoot!
- AMICIA: GO TO HELL!!
ALL OF YOU!!
No! Don't... die now!
They're going to ram us!
No NO!
- SOPHIA: Amicia!! No!
- LUCAS: (SCREAMING)
- SOPHIA: Oh no!
- ARNAUD: Amicia! AMICIA!
What's going on?
Oh no...
They fell overboard.
Get up, Amicia!
- AMICIA: LUCAS?? SOPHIA??
No!
- ARNAUD: Come on!
I'll cut you all to pieces!
- AMICIA: There're too many, Arnaud!
- ARNAUD: Not if there're two of us.
- AMICIA: Coming!
- SOLDIER: Take that boat!
For the Count of Provence!
- ARNAUD: Come here, Victor!
Don't be a coward!
- VICTOR: You're mistaking strategy
for cowardice. But I'm not surprised.
- ARNAUD: Don't worry.
You're next!
- AMICIA: We must hold, Arnaud!
- ARNAUD: Don't worry. I won't rest
until this bastard's dead.
- VICTOR: And save your breath, old man!
- ARNAUD: Come on! Come!
I'll dance on your corpses!
- AMICIA: The boat is done, Arnaud!
- ARNAUD: You'll never get the boy.
You hear me?
- VICTOR: Take them!
This is where our war for tomorrow begins.
- AMICIA: There will be no tomorrow.
For anyone!
- HUGO: Come hide!
- AMICIA: No... we... we can do this!
- ARNAUD: I'm getting warmer.
You will die quicker!
- VICTOR: You don't deserve the child!
- HUGO: Come, Amicia!
- AMICIA: Stay inside!
- VICTOR: Shoot!
- HUGO: No!
Amicia, NO!
Amicia!
Amicia...
You killed her...
- ARNAUD: Hugo, come with me!
Hugo, come here!
- VICTOR: Sorry, child.
The rats can't help you here.
- HUGO: (YELLING)
- VICTOR: Such a fragile little thing...
- ARNAUD: Alright!
You've won!
Don't hurt him!
- VICTOR: Hurt him?
He's Emilie's son.
My son.
He's a God.
He's our doom, Victor.
You need to let him go.
To his sister.
- VICTOR: No.
I owe this to Emilie.
With her, I tried so hard
to believe this world.
Wasn't just blood... and war...
But I can throw a blanket
over these flames.
But the truth is...
People like us...
We are born to feed that fire.
- ARNAUD: Whatever you're planning with him...
It won't work.
He will destroy you.
- VICTOR: He'll destroy what I tell him to.
We'll set this world aflame.
And I'll forge an empire from that fire.
A more righteous one.
- ARNAUD: It's not over, you coward!
You owe me blood!
- VICTOR: I paid that price already.
Now my son need to rest.
Finish this!
(WATER SPLASHES)